# Twitter_Bot_Detection
Since, security on OSNs(Online Social Networks) is a big issue and Twitter being one of the most popular one, there is a need to control the data generated by automated accounts, known as bots, as they are generally involved in malicious activities to pullute the OSNs. So, for that various state-of-the-art methods have been devised over the time to detect bots in Twitter. But they are not very capable of detecting the ever evolving nature of these bots.
Thus, for the very first time an Autoencoder technique has been used for the problem of Twitter Bot Detection to discern between human accounts and bot accounts on Twitter.
Three methods have been proposed for the same:
# 1. Autoencoders as Binary Classifiers
In this method, a seperate model for each class was created and loss was calculated. Th class was given with the lowest loss. For the performance evaluation, State-of-the-Art Accuracy was used.
# 2. Anomaly Detecion with Autoencoders
Here, a model was created and was trained with only examples of legitimate accounts and a threshold was set on the training loss. The class was given as --> if test loss < threshold, then Human; else Bot.
This method has the capability of even detecting different types of bots that have never been seen before.
# 3. A Semi-Supervised Classification using Autoencoders
In this method, the features of supervised binary classifiers were used with the benefit of Autoencoders. Here, the reconstructed output of autoencoders was feeded as training and test data to supervised learning algorithms for further classification.
This method has the capability of detecting bots in real time as well, becuase there are no labels on real-time data and by sing autoencoders, a.k.a. semi-supervised learning algorithm as they recontruct the output(labels), we can further classify them using supervised learning methods.
